# Welcome to the MQTT project!

Application Link: https://github.com/mohamednayif/MQTT/suites/10655986828/artifacts/532586971

### This project is contains virtual sensor that can be used to simulate sensor data for testing purposes. The Virtual Sensor can be used to simulate data from the following sensors:
### 1. Air Quality Sensor (live)
### 2. Noise Sensor (historical)
### 3. Ambient Temperature Sensor (live)

#### All the project files are to be placed inside the assets folder. Samples are included.

#### The Virtual Sensor is designed to work with MQTT broker by configuring it by using the Credentials Installer. All the credentials will be encrypted and stored in local PC. To use the Virtual Sensor, you first need to configure your credentials by running the Credentials Installer. The Credentials Installer will generate a credentials.json file which is specific to your PC and must be used with the Virtual Sensor on the same PC.

### Here is the step-by-step guide to set up and use the Virtual Sensor:

#### 1. Run the Credentials Installer
#### 2. Follow the prompts to configure your credentials. The Credentials Installer will generate a "credentials.json" file in the same directory.
#### 3. Make sure the "credentials.json" file is in the same directory as the Virtual Sensor.
#### 4. Run the Virtual Sensor
#### 5. The Virtual Sensor will now be able to read sensor data and perform its functionality.
#### 6. Please note that the "credentials.json" file generated by the Credentials Installer is specific to the PC on which it is generated and should not be shared or used on other PCs.

##### Additionally, you can also test the ambient sensor by running the "Ambient_Sensor.py" file.

# PN: You must install required libraries as listed on the pipfile

# Bonus: Identifier monitoring tool and message size optimizer

If you have any issues or questions about this project, please feel free to reach out and contact the repository owner or raise an issue on the repository.